hey guys I do in my name is echo and
welcome to the 20th location of the GTA
5 a peyote plan Easter Egg now this one
and these features are getting harder
and this one is located on Vespucci
beach we're quite close to it but on a
full side which you will need either a
big vehicle to climb on top of or I
suggest a helicopter as well as you can
see this is a location we need to come
to previously in the past we have been
on the PA which is when we turn into a
specific shark if you remember this one
and you have been on my channel for the
past few weeks so anyway this one is
like the last one I did show you and it
is as a plant or in a plant pot as you
can see there there's like three of them
bunched together this tend me into a
chicken many people have the chicken
before wasn't my favorite one but anyway
enjoy the hallucination and be sure
there's that like button and I'll catch
you next time
peace out
come on this is gonna be wild
Oh fuckin he the chicken Franklin isn't
they have chicken I'm a case not a
chicken
no bitch You cheeky sheep
it's not funny not funny at all you
asshole no Franklin good hey so son then
you ain't a son no moment hit your
daughter now